log.md, before:

# #100DaysOfCode Log - Round 1 - [Lauren Nguyen]

The log of my #100DaysOfCode challenge. Started on [Jan 14, Thursday, 2021].

## Log

### Day 1 01/14/2021

- Udemy's Javascript Data sctructures & Algorithms (Problem Solving Approach) : 10am-11am

- Leetcode Whiteboarding With Network
  (Given a non-negative integer num, repeatedly add all its digits until the result has only one digit.

  Example:
  Input: 38
  Output: 2
  Explanation: The process is like: 3 + 8 = 11, 1 + 1 = 2.
  Since 2 has only one digit, return it.
  Follow up:
  Could you do it without any loop/recursion in O(1) runtime?)) : 1:30pm-2pm

- Udemy's 50 Projects In 50 Days (Project 1) : 2:45pm - 3:15pm

### Day 2 01/15/2021

- Udemy's 50 Projects In 50 Days (Project 2) : 9am-9:35am
- Work on Portfolio : 10:30am-10:50am
- "Letters to Burn" : 11:10am-1pm

### Day 3 01/16/2021

- Udemy's 50 Projects In 50 Days (Project 3) : 11:30am-12:34pm

### Day 4 01/17/2021

- Working on a news ticker for Johnny's website : 11:25am-12pm

### Day 5 01/18/2021

- Spent today working on the job search

### Day 6 01/19/2021

- Udemy's 50 Projects In 50 Days (Project 4) : 9:30am-10:39pm

### Day 7 01/20 /2021

- Udemy's 50 Projects In 50 Days (Project 5) : 10:30am-11:20pm

### Day 8 01/21/2021

- Udemy's ALgorithm's & Data Structure : 11:30am-130pm

### Day 9 01/22/2021

- Work on Portfolio : 10:30am-11am
- "Letters to Burn" : 11:10am-1pm

### Day 10 01/23/2021

- Udemy's 50 Projects In 50 Days (Project 6) : 11am-11:30am
- Udemy's 50 Projects In 50 Days (Project 7) : 11:30am-12pm
- Udemy's 50 Projects In 50 Days (Project 8) : 3pm-3:30pm

### Day 11 01/24/2021

- Udemy's 50 Projects In 50 Days (Project 9) : 10am-10:15am

### Day 12 01/25/2021

- Spent today working on the job search

### Day 12 01/25/2021

- Work on Portfolio : 1:00pm-2:30pm

Commit message:

added to log. have been redisgning my portfolio for the last two days

log.md, after:

# #100DaysOfCode Log - Round 1 - [Lauren Nguyen]

The log of my #100DaysOfCode challenge. Started on [Jan 14, Thursday, 2021].

## Log

### Day 1 01/14/2021

- Udemy's Javascript Data sctructures & Algorithms (Problem Solving Approach) : 10am-11am

- Leetcode Whiteboarding With Network
  (Given a non-negative integer num, repeatedly add all its digits until the result has only one digit.

  Example:
  Input: 38
  Output: 2
  Explanation: The process is like: 3 + 8 = 11, 1 + 1 = 2.
  Since 2 has only one digit, return it.
  Follow up:
  Could you do it without any loop/recursion in O(1) runtime?)) : 1:30pm-2pm

- Udemy's 50 Projects In 50 Days (Project 1) : 2:45pm - 3:15pm

### Day 2 01/15/2021

- Udemy's 50 Projects In 50 Days (Project 2) : 9am-9:35am
- Work on Portfolio : 10:30am-10:50am
- "Letters to Burn" : 11:10am-1pm

### Day 3 01/16/2021

- Udemy's 50 Projects In 50 Days (Project 3) : 11:30am-12:34pm

### Day 4 01/17/2021

- Working on a news ticker for Johnny's website : 11:25am-12pm

### Day 5 01/18/2021

- Spent today working on the job search

### Day 6 01/19/2021

- Udemy's 50 Projects In 50 Days (Project 4) : 9:30am-10:39pm

### Day 7 01/20 /2021

- Udemy's 50 Projects In 50 Days (Project 5) : 10:30am-11:20pm

### Day 8 01/21/2021

- Udemy's ALgorithm's & Data Structure : 11:30am-130pm

### Day 9 01/22/2021

- Work on Portfolio : 10:30am-11am
- "Letters to Burn" : 11:10am-1pm

### Day 10 01/23/2021

- Udemy's 50 Projects In 50 Days (Project 6) : 11am-11:30am
- Udemy's 50 Projects In 50 Days (Project 7) : 11:30am-12pm
- Udemy's 50 Projects In 50 Days (Project 8) : 3pm-3:30pm

### Day 11 01/24/2021

- Udemy's 50 Projects In 50 Days (Project 9) : 10am-10:15am

### Day 12 01/25/2021

- Spent today working on the job search

### Day 12 01/26/2021

- Work on Portfolio : 1:00pm-2:30pm

### Day 12 01/26/2021

- Work on Redesign of Portfolio : 12:00pm-2:34pm
